Sprint #1 Backlog
November 16 to November 22


User Stories from Product Backlog that we will address in this sprint:
that produces STDOUT(standard output, so commands like cat)
A. As a User, I should be able delete a directory, along with all of its contents. 
B. As a User, I should be able to create a specified number of directories
C. As a User, I should be able to view all sub directories of a specific directory
D. As a User, I should be able to reposition directories in the file system
E. As a User, I should be able to reposition files in the file system.
F. As a User, I should be able to copy existing directories in the file system, along with its sub directories;and position them at a desired location in the file system
G. As a User, I should be able to copy existing files in the file system; and position them at a desired location in the file system
H.As a User, I should be able to add files from a desired web address to my file system
I. As a User, I should be able to see what each command does individually


Specific tasks to be accomplished:
1.Add J unit tests for all new classes created 
2. Addition:redirection,  either with>OUTFILE or>>OUTFILE, can be applied to every command 
A-1 Implement remove directory command
A-2 Implement error handling
B-1 Implement mkdir command for any number of inputs
B-2 Implement error handling
C-1 Implement case for ls where user inputs “-R” for listing all subdirectories of the input path
C-2 Implement error handling 
D-1 Implement mv command for directories
D-2 Implement error handling system
E-1 Implement mv command for files
E-2 Implement error handling system
F-1 Implement cp command for directories 
F-2 Implement error handling system
G-1 Implement cp command for files
G-2 Implement error handling system
H-1 Implement curl command
H-2 Implement error handling
I-1 Readjust man command, such that it can only take in one parameter. 
I-2 Implement error handling
These tasks are assigned as follows:


Efkan:
Tasks: 1,2, H-1, H-2,I-1.I-2, C-1, C-2




Artem:        
Tasks:1,2, A-1, A-2, G-1, G-2, E-1, E-2




Justin:        
Tasks: 1,2, B-1, B-2, D-1,D-2, E-1, E-2




Bob: 
Tasks: 1,2,F-1,F-2, D-1,D-2, E-1, E-2


Additional notes(errors, incomplete tasks):
Order to complete commands: mkdir, remove dir, ls, man, curl,cp, mv
Have mv command inherit copy, and use remove dir method.
